All right guys so in the last video we created our hamburger menu here we have the checkbox.
We can actually check and uncheck but we can't really visually see that right now.
What I do want to happen is when we check I want the I want the lines here to turn into an x.
So we're gonna be utilizing transform and rotate.
So let's go down.
Here in menu dot CSX and let's say toggle or animation.
So basically we want to take our toggles which is our checkbox and we can target the state of checked.
OK.
So this style will only be in effect when it's actually checked.
Now I want to manipulate the div inside the hamburger which is the lines right.
So we're going to say plus when we looked at the plus selector a little while ago and we want to choose
the hamburger class and then the directive and that's what we want to transform so we're gonna say transform
and we want to rotate and let's rotate one hundred and thirty five degrees and save and now if I click
this you'll see that it rotates 135 degrees and obviously that's not all we want to happen.
We want this to turn into an x.
So we have to target the before and after as well.
So let's actually copy this
and
let's do colon before and then comma and I'm gonna paste this in again and we're gonna do after as well.
And let's set this to be from the top zero and then we want to add a transform for these of 90 degrees.
So we won't transform rotate and we wanted to rotate these 90 degrees and we'll go ahead and save and
click and it's doing exactly what we wanted to do except it's not transitioning and the reason for that
is I actually forgot to put transition on the the hamburger div.
So up here we want to add in transition and we'll say all and let's say zero point four seconds and
we'll ease.
So let's save that.
Now when we click it it actually spins and has a transition.
Now I just want to put a comment in here and we'll just say that this turns the lines into X hey again
just so you know what does what.
This one right here moves lying down.
And another thing that I want is when it's checked like that right now that the inputs checked that's
how this is happening when it's checked.
If I hover over this I wanted to kind of just spin back in the form of I'm on it.
And then if I go off spin back again so we can go down here and let's just say rotate
rotate on hover when checked.
So we're going to target
menu and cheeses.
Can't type menu wrap and then toddler and we're gonna say when it's checked when we hover then we want
the hamburger div.
So we just want to do class hamburger div.
We want that to rotate.
So we'll say transform and let's say rotate and let's rotate it two to five degrees.
All right.
So now if I check it it's checked right now and if I hover over it it will rotate and twenty five degrees
close it up.
So this is this is giving us the exact effect that we want.
OK.
So now what we want to do is move on to the menu itself.
These links here.
We want those too.
We don't want those to be visible at first and then we when we click this we want those to show up and
we want to add that overlay in that style.
So that's all we're going to get to in the next video.